goit-js-hw-06:

DOM (Lesson 11)

Events (Lesson 12)

//
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Task 1 In HTML, there is a list of categories,
ul#categories.

Task 2 In HTML, there is an empty ul#ingredients
list.

Task 3 Write a script to create a gallery of
images from an array of data. There is a list,
ul.gallery, in HTML.

Task 4 The counter consists of a span and buttons,
which, when clicked, should increase and decrease
its value by one.

Task 6 Write a script that, when focus on input is
lost (blur event), checks its contents for the
correct number of entered characters.

Task 7 Write a script that responds to changes in
the value of input#font-size-control (input event)
and changes the inline style of span#text by
updating the font-size property. As a result, the
text size will change responding to scrollbar
dragging.

Task 8 Write a script to manage the login form.

Task 9 Write a script that changes the background
colors of the body element via inline style when
clicking on button.change-color and outputs the
color value to span.color.

Task 10 (optional) Write a script to create and
clear a collection of elements. The user enters
the number of elements into input and clicks the
New button, after which a collection is rendered.
When you click on the Clear button, the collection
is cleared.
